[CI] Golang Precommit hooks (#6581)
meshery/meshery: CONTRIBUTING.md

make golangci-run
```

#### Golang Pre-commit
Before committing their code, users can now see the potential errors. To use this feature, you must first install Pre-commit. Please follow these [download instructions](https://pre-commit.com/).

> Please run the following commands to install the pre-commit hooks on your local machine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, please run the following command to set up the configured git hook scripts. 
```
